c:\users\ronald.marcelino.iqmetrixho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapV2\DataAccess\bin\Debug\DataAccess.dll.config
c:\users\ronald.marcelino.iqmetrixho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapV2\DataAccess\bin\Debug\DataAccess.dll
c:\users\ronald.marcelino.iqmetrixho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapV2\DataAccess\bin\Debug\DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\ronald.marcelino.iqmetrixho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapV2\DataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ronald.marcelino.iqmetrixho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapV2\DataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ronald.marcelino.iqmetrixho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapV2\DataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ronald.marcelino.iqmetrixho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapV2\DataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\ronald.marcelino.iqmetrixho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapV2\DataAccess\obj\Debug\DataAccess.Migrations.BeerTapV2.resources
c:\users\ronald.marcelino.iqmetrixho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapV2\DataAccess\obj\Debug\DataAccess.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ronald.marcelino.iqmetrixho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapV2\DataAccess\obj\Debug\DataAccess.dll
c:\users\ronald.marcelino.iqmetrixho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapV2\DataAccess\obj\Debug\DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\ronald.marcelino.iqmetrixho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapV2\DataAccess\obj\Debug\DataAccess.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ronald.marcelino.iqmetrixho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapV2\DataAccess\obj\Debug\DataAccess.Migrations.AddMaxContent.resources
C:\Users\Ronald.Marcelino.IQMETRIXHO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapV3\BeerTap\DataAccess\obj\Debug\DataAccess.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Ronald.Marcelino.IQMETRIXHO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapV3\BeerTap\DataAccess\obj\Debug\DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\Ronald.Marcelino.IQMETRIXHO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapV3\BeerTap\DataAccess\obj\Debug\DataAccess.pdb
C:\Users\Ronald.Marcelino.IQMETRIXHO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapV3\BeerTap\DataAccess\bin\Debug\DataAccess.dll.config
C:\Users\Ronald.Marcelino.IQMETRIXHO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapV3\BeerTap\DataAccess\bin\Debug\DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\Ronald.Marcelino.IQMETRIXHO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapV3\BeerTap\DataAccess\bin\Debug\DataAccess.pdb
C:\Users\Ronald.Marcelino.IQMETRIXHO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapV3\BeerTap\DataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Ronald.Marcelino.IQMETRIXHO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapV3\BeerTap\DataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Ronald.Marcelino.IQMETRIXHO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapV3\BeerTap\DataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Ronald.Marcelino.IQMETRIXHO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapV3\BeerTap\DataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Ronald.Marcelino.IQMETRIXHO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapV3\BeerTap\DataAccess\obj\Debug\DataAccess.Migrations.Initial.resources
C:\Users\Ronald.Marcelino.IQMETRIXHO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapV3\BeerTap\DataAccess\obj\Debug\DataAccess.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Ronald.Marcelino.IQMETRIXHO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapV3\BeerTap\DataAccess\obj\Debug\DataAccess.Migrations.PopulateTables.resources
C:\Users\Ronald.Marcelino.IQMETRIXHO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapV3\BeerTap\DataAccess\obj\Debug\DataAccess.Migrations.RemovedKegEntitiy.resources
C:\Users\Ronald.Marcelino.IQMETRIXHO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeerTapV3\BeerTap\DataAccess\obj\Debug\DataAccess.Migrations.UpdateEntityTable_AddUnitOfMeasurement.resources
